flawed 76% probability of missing the
target reckless 50% chance of failure
and this is not an acceptable way to
arrive at training even the greatest
players of our time make mistakes they
take too many risks after all they're
only human but what if they weren't I
give you the future of football our
clothes
flawless decision-making guaranteed
results it's once the people were
football just change to the times
terms of
no white is that riverine coming back
home
times are changing has changed the
language nevertheless the question now
is the end of the nominal fee
you
no coming to basketball risk nothing
with perfect abroad before perfecting
football was a wild and unpredictable
affair I've changed that what do you
think happened to the originals you mean
what are they doing and where are they
now look look look there's left on I was
lucky
whoa just a manager know about this
let me guess same as last week what you
sure you don't want to burn kidding me
don't be that hard offs look done hey
what happened why are we all here to
make a stand to save football I like
what you have done with the place
that game that we love is dying the
clones they're killing it we must rise
up and so I let me just we all want to
destroy the clones but their own
beatable slot on agrees nobody thinks
they can be beaten but you you can do it
on my note and in all of you together
remember what makes you great you are
not afraid to take risks you play like
it's just a game they play like it's a
job you risk everything to win
everything
there is no greater danger than playing
it safe it's official to the originals
are back when they're challenging the
phone to accept a winner-take-all game
forever the question is how they feel
the perfect plant what a stage for the
biggest match on the planet the world is
watching first goal wins no second
chance
there's no way
it's too easy that's better
clone back